On a busy Friday afternoon, I packed up my MINI Countryman Plug-In Hybrid for my two hour drive out of the city. Not only did the MINI have a huge boot for all my luggage, it’s electric range is anything from 29.2 to 31.7 miles, meaning my journey to Suffolk emitted fewer emissions along the way. Having never driven a hybrid car before, I was unsure what to expect, but I was far from disappointed. The drive to Suffolk from London was anything but stressful, considering I was on the M25 just as rush hour peaked. The MINI was super comfortable to drive as well as being extremely quiet when in electric mode. It’s effortless charging saw the high-tech lithium-ion battery power the car, keeping it at its optimum temperature by an advanced cooling system. After the traffic had cleared, I was able to put the car to the test, with it hitting 62mph in as little as 6.8 seconds. READ MORE: The UK ‘dark creepy’ castles to visit for Halloween named – ‘eerie’ The navigation system, which was super easy to use and follow, got me to my destination, Coppins Farm just before sunset. The sun setting meant I could see the interior lighting better, with the door handles, front footwells and touch screen display all lit up in a gorgeous purple colour. It created a warm, friendly atmosphere inside the car, making it more comfortable to drive. Pulling into a small farm was tricky in a bigger car than I was used to, but the parking sensors helped me to fit into a small space. DON'T MISS:British expats ‘kept waiting’ in Spain due to ‘lack of resources’ [COMMENT]Flight prices to rise for Britons as air travel targeted in budget [INSIGHT]Flight attendant shares trick that 'always works' for upgrade [EXPLAINER] The puddle lights, which helped me to see where I was standing, were perfect for the time of evening when I was arriving in the countryside. Canopy & Stars offers holidaymakers a collection of unique, creative places to stay in the outdoors, giving a genuine experience of being at one with nature. That’s exactly how I felt when I got out of my MINI and headed for my accommodation. After a short walk to my accommodation for the next two nights, I was greeted with Coppins Farm’s Maroon Fairground Wagon. Quirky and quaint in a peaceful field, the wagon contained a living and dining area, with wrap-around bench seating and a fully-equipped kitchenette. There was even a small TV and radio too, although it was nice cut myself off from the outside world for 48 hours. The accommodation also had two bedrooms and a bathroom which featured a bath and shower. This was my first stay in anything but a hotel, and it gave me a feel of luxury while also experiencing nature. Set in the heart of the Suffolk countryside, Coppins Farm consists of 150 acres of woodland, wetland and wild flower meadows. With daily sightings of deer, badgers and different species of birds, visitors can even come up close and feed the badgers with peanuts. The wagon itself was set in its own secluded garden overlooking fields and the valley. Exploring the surrounding areas, I hopped in my MINI and headed to have a look around Colchester, a historic town in Essex. I drove the whole way on electric, which felt incredible and super quiet. It was also great to know I wasn’t contributing to CO2 emissions. The switch between petrol and eDrive was also super smooth. Coppins Farm’s Maroon Fairground Wagon is priced from £275 for two nights in October. MINI Countryman Plug-In Hybrid is priced from £34,500. For more information, visit THE MINI COUNTRYMAN PLUG-IN HYBRID | MINI UK